Ouch, Sister Ding must be so cautious.
Darling, it’s not easy for you to behave like this now.
I told you a long time ago,
You don’t believe what kind of person Jiang Mian is.
Now she regrets it. If she gets married and loves herself,
I wouldn’t have been married six or seven times.
In her eyes, you are just a peacekeeper who takes care of her fate.
What's the use of talking about this now?
Anyway, I was determined to divorce her.
Divorce? Wouldn’t that be cheaper for those stinky men?
My husband was the same way back then.
Scammed my money
It also made my belly bigger
Just want to take the money and leave, you know
What did I do after that?
what did
This medicine is the same as what I used before
I pretended not to have it before
I'm not worried about you yet
Now you can choose
This money is enough for you to pay off your family's debts
To take my parents far away and live a good life
Or guarding a man who treats you as a tool?
You can choose for yourself, don’t worry
That medicine won't work immediately
After the birthday banquet, Jiang Mian became the heir.
She just died suddenly and mysteriously
With her body
No one will doubt you
I'll help you deal with it again. Thank you.
Thank you Miss Cai
Do you believe her or not?
I mean, she's a smart woman
Not only smart but also greedy
Even if she is willing to poison
Jiang Mian is dead
She will definitely keep the property to herself
Duck in mouth
It's impossible for her to let it go
But if we have evidence that she poisoned Jiang Mian
The situation is different